Even after my stunning
debut as a villainess...
When she preached her
endlessly flawed ideals,
I promptly rained on her parade...
and continually shot down her
"all people should be friends"
heroine benevolence, and...
That's Alicia Williams.
The nasty girl who bullied Miss Liz.
She took advantage of Miss Liz's kindness!
I'm now hated enough to cause unrest
in our quiet, peaceful school.
Why does everyone take Liz Cather's side?
All those grand ideals
she was talking about,
and she was just sitting around having
a tea party and chatting about nothing!
This just means it'll take more time
to guide Liz to where she needs to be.
In other words, my bad name
will spread even further!
I'm the greatest villainess ever!
Uh, really?
More importantly, we should hurry home.
We're going to Roana tonight,
so I need to get my homework
and review out of the way.
Such an industrious villainess.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Villainess Test
Rebecca, have you assembled
the villagers' stories?
Yes, and, as expected,
negative emotions are predominant.
The most violent ones are even saying that
if they ever get out of the village,
they'll plunder everything in sight.
Rebecca...
Remember that your own safety comes first.
With that leg, you can't run
away if anything happens.
I'll be fine.
Everyone knows I've got you backing me.
They won't try anything.
Wow, that makes me sound
like a real villainess!
Besides, I realized that
everyone in this village now was born here,
so they all assumed changing
it was impossible and gave up.
But someone who would have died under
normal circumstances is alive.
And that person is now trying
to get something started.
That seems to be making them
all think, "Just maybe..."
I don't want to stop this turn of the tides.
That's why I have to keep going.
If anyone brings change, it'll be
the villagers themselves, right?
Oh, and none of them seem to
believe that I'm their savior.
That's odd. I thought it was a nice setup.
Say... as someone looking from the outside,
do you think there's a chance
this village could be set free?
Thanks to Liz and her strong influence,
public interest in it has grown a bit.
But we're not yet at the stage where
we can take any specific action.
Change like this doesn't happen overnight.
Don't rush things, you two.
All right.
Alicia, I do have a favor to ask.
What's that?
I think the outside world must have
crops that we could grow in Roana.
Would you share some with us?
No way.
Huh?!
Why should I have to do something like that?
Villainesses don't give handouts.
Maybe not, but...
That said, it'd be interesting to see how
the village population would
change with more self-sufficiency.
Huh?
Rebecca, negotiate with her!
I'll report that to you, too!
Would... that work?
Certainly.
You're starting to understand!
Are you writing about Roana?
A written proposal, eh?
You're going to a lot
of trouble, aren't you?
Brother Henri, are you here alone?
I haven't seen you with Brother
Alan very much lately.
I've put some distance
between myself and Alan.
We've been together ever since we were born,
so I was sure I knew him
better than anyone else.
But once we entered the Academy...
No matter what we do, it's
always "Liz" this, "Liz" that.
I don't even know him anymore.
And then Liz said...
You're you.
It's all right if you and Alan
don't think the same way.
All you need to do is be you.
That alone makes you irreplaceable.
It was like cool water coursing
down my parched throat.
I felt as if she'd saved me.
Did you really come here just to
ramble at me about how great Liz is?
No, not at all. The opposite, actually.
The opposite?
When you and Liz debated her
essay in the rose garden,
I thought what you said
was right on the money.
But everyone else said you
were just picking a fight.
It's true that Liz's logic
was naive, though.
It made me feel like
I didn't understand him,
not just as my twin, but as a person.
I haven't felt like hanging out with
Liz and her following ever since.
You came here to tell me that?
Yep. I thought I should show my hand first.
Alicia, what is it you're planning?
You must have had a reason for going out
of your way to clash with Liz like that.
I assure you, it's nothing.
Still won't tell me, huh?
Okay, I'll give up on asking for today,
but I'm not buying the "nothing" response.
For now, here's an invitation
to the king's next tea party.
Liz will be there.
Now, listen, Alicia.
Don't say anything unnecessary.
You worry too much.
A tea party with the king...
This is no ordinary tea party.
It's an event from the game...
known as the Saint Test.
"Deal with them prudently."
"Help them right now."
Options
Palace Room
What do to with the people of Roana?
"Deal with them prudently."
"Help them right now."
Choosing the correct answers
earns you more Saint points.
But in the game, the
villainess didn't attend.
And yet I was invited this time.
So this is also a Villainess Test,
and at the same time, a test of
how I'm doing as her watcher!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Henri!
Alan!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Alan.
Henri.
Albert! Alan! Henri!
Oh, my!
Even little Alicia is with us today!
Liz...
Good day to you, Liz.
How unfortunate for you that I'm here.
Not at all! I'm delighted!
Liz and Alicia are such a mystery.
I can't tell if you're friends
or enemies. It's so fascinating.
Oh, we're great friends!
We are not friends at all.
Finn, don't talk to her!
Ah, I see you're all here.
Your Majesty!
Thank you for inviting us here today.
Now, no need for all that.
This is simply a tea party.
I want to express my gratitude to all
of you for being Duke's friends.
Just relax and make yourselves at home.
This has to be the least relaxing
tea party in the kingdom.
Thank you, Your Majesty!
Smiling like that when she's
seated closer to the king
than the highest nobles and their sons...
She does have a heroine's
nerves of steel, I suppose.
In the game, you needed a high score in
this Saint Test to unlock the true ending,
but I could never identify with the
goody-two-shoes "correct" answers,
so I struggled to beat it.
Other than my attendance
as the villainess,
it's playing out just like in the game.
All the conquerable
characters are here, too.
Making my brothers hate me is just
like what happens in the game.
It's a little sad, but I knew it was coming.
The only one who's acting
a little different is Henri.
It's so weird.
Master Gale and Master Eric have made
their hatred for me quite clear.
Master Finn and Master Curtis are
behaving as they did in the game:
keeping both Liz and I at a safe
distance and acting friendly.
And...
The one who's acting the
weirdest is Prince Duke!
In the game, the only one he
smiles at is the heroine.
He was consistently cold toward Alicia!
And that fueled the villainess's
hatred of the heroine!
It's just slightly different
from how it was in the game.
This Saint Test is definitely...
...actually the Villainess Test!
It won't play out like it did in the game.
By the way, Alicia...
Remember when you predicted the economic
downfall of Duran three years ago?
The what?
Three years ago...
He's talking about when
I snuck into the academy!
So the king found out about
what I wrote on the blackboard?
Things in Duran have been
proceeding just as you foresaw.
I was shocked that you were able to
make such a judgment at that time.
Duran has gone bankrupt?
But their economic measures
were working...
Their productive capacity and buying
capacity were in disagreement.
The measures from four years ago
that Liz speaks of were a stopgap.
Anyone could have guessed three years
ago that they would reach their limit.
Assuming everything is resolved
without even looking that far ahead
is a weak point of yours, isn't it, Liz?
This is definitely a test
for me as her watcher.
It's a completely different
topic than the one in the game.
I'll show them!
If Duran has collapsed financially,
we of Durkis cannot write
it off as irrelevant.
What is your opinion, Liz?
I think we should form
an alliance with them.
With a bankrupt nation? What do
we stand to gain from that?
It's sad that all you can see
is what we can gain or lose.
Truly helping someone takes sincerity.
If sincerity was enough to help,
they wouldn't be bankrupt.
Well...
All you're doing is negating her!
What's your opinion, then?
Well, let's see...
Now that Duran is weakened,
I think we should make it a vassal state.
You mean we should conquer it? How cruel!
What our kingdom needs to be careful of
now is not the small nation of Duran,
but Laval, a larger country with whom
we have a complicated relationship.
Our nation would gain very little
from taking over Duran,
but we stand to lose a great
deal if Laval takes it.
That's true.
My father was saying that anxiety is
rising near our border with Laval.
But what about how the people of Duran feel?
Wishing for a neighboring nation's happiness
is foolish in comparison to putting
our own nation in danger.
Still... is there nothing
we can do for them?
If you truly wish to do
that, try using your head.
What they need isn't temporary
aid from another nation,
but economic recovery
within their own borders.
For example, making a profit by
exporting their local specialties.
Duran is famous for its potatoes!
But they're not the same type
as the ones we eat here,
so foreign demand for them is low...
I know!
Why couldn't they make modifications
to add to their value?
If the whole country produces them,
the profits should be greater!
That's a great idea, Liz!
Liz has done it again!
Thank you, everyone!
As king, I couldn't he happier to have
such brilliant youths among my subjects.
As her watcher, I think it's safe to
say I passed the Villainess Test.
What a tiring tea party that was.
I just want to go home.
The moment the king left, the
whole party was all about Liz.
I can't deal with that.
Did I pass through this part
of the castle when I arrived?
Paintings of the royal family...
Why is this space empty?
Huh?
That looks just like Prince Duke
around when I first met him.
But his skin's a different
color, so it can't be him.
This man looks familiar, too...
That's a painting of my father with
his father from many years ago.
Prince Duke...
I must take after my father.
All I got from my mother was my skin tone.
He had an older brother,
but the younger brother
is on the throne now.
But that's not something I
can ask about on a whim.
I know. I'll walk you to the exit.
Are you sure you wouldn't
rather stay with Liz?
Ah, I'll bet you came to make
sure I didn't do anything bad!
No. You're lost, aren't you?
The exit's this way.
What's wrong? Am I walking too quickly?
No...
In the game, the only one the
prince smiles at is the heroine.
Here.
But... it doesn't seem
like this smile is fake.
I don't know how she does it every morning.
You're originally from Roana, right?
What if I am?
What? It's true?
Huh?! Were you testing me?!
Sort of.
In the rose garden, you and Ali
seemed strangely attached to Roana,
so I thought you might be.
You tricked me!
Your name's... Gill, right?
You're scared of everyone
but Ali, aren't you?
It's written all over your face.
Shut up! It's none of your business!
You'll end up being Ali's weakness.
You want to stay with her, don't you?
Then hide your emotions, or someone
will take advantage of them.
Why are you telling me this?
My sister's bound to pick fights with
Liz because she hates her so much.
It's better if she has someone
clever with her who can stop her.
Okay.
Hardly.
It's not that I hate Liz.
Why, then?
I can't tell him about the watcher thing.
I'll tell you why, dear brother.
My dream has always been
to become a villainess!
Standing in the way of someone as perfect
and popular as Liz makes me feel good!
A... villainess?
Yes!
What's that look for?
Don't laugh at me!
I think it's a natural response.
No one ever told me my own
little sister was so funny!
You should've said so sooner!
I'm completely serious!
Yeah, well, if you want to stand in
someone's way, Liz is definitely the one.
If this world was a fictional story,
she'd be the protagonist for sure.
She's special.
Anything sounds special when
she's the one saying it.
The most obvious statements
sound like words of salvation.
I always thought nice girls
like that weren't my type,
yet I was totally into her.
Say... is there any chance
it could be magic?
That's true.
Even with the reasoning
that she's the Saint,
the way everything turns in her favor
looks unnatural from the outside.
You think she was manipulating my mind?
Nah, no chance of that.
There is magic that can temporarily
manipulate a person's mind,
but magic that can keep meddling with
them long-term isn't realistic.
It isn't?
Even I don't know every kind
of magic that exists...
but it might be written
in some ancient grimoire.
I haven't read the ones that are
written in ancient languages yet.
Hang on, do you really suspect it's magic?
I said she wasn't my type,
but any guy would fall for
a girl as pretty as her.
Sorry. Did I say something I shouldn't have?
No, it's all right.
Even I can't believe Liz is actually so
wicked that she's manipulating people.
Her superficial, innocent behavior
is straight from the game,
and it's only natural that people
would love such a nice girl.
Just how identical is she to
the game's heroine, anyway?
I'm farther from the game
than anyone else, after all.
Alicia picked on Liz as
if she was some big shot,
but when her own lack of talent
was exposed, she was driven off.
I wanted to be a much more
powerful villainess.
That's why I've polished
my strength to this point.
Henri and Alan were constantly
together in the game, too.
And Duke is only supposed
to be nice to the heroine.
Even Roana only appeared in name only.
This is the world of the game,
but so many things are different.
Alicia! Run!
Let me go!
Damn it! Hold still!
Gill!
Where am I?
A storage shed?
I was knocked out and kidnapped!
The villainess was never
kidnapped in the game...
Oh, you're awake?
Gill!